c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Ice Age.exe
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Ice Age.pdb
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\obj\x86\Debug\Ice Age.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\obj\x86\Debug\Ice Age.exe
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\obj\x86\Debug\Ice Age.pdb
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\CollisionTexture.xnb
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\HeroSheet.xnb
c:\users\pascal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\SlimeSheet.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\obj\x86\Debug\Ice Age.exe
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\obj\x86\Debug\Ice Age.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\CollisionTexture.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Ice Age.exe
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Ice Age.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\obj\x86\Debug\Ice Age.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\sky.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\side.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\iceberg.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\icepart.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\oeil.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\AFont.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\dragon.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\mbat2.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\side2.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\eye1.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\1life.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\BFont.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ice Age\Ice Age\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\CFont.xnb
